Business Plans, Services, and Solutions | Verizon Business
Business
1-888-789-1223
Contact Sales
Get even more value with Business Unlimited plans.
With truly unlimited data, and double the premium hotspot data on select plans.
Learn more
Online Exclusive: New customers can get $200 off each new smartphone.
iPhone 15 Pro on us offer includes this bonus promotion.
Offer available to new Verizon business customers on initial new smartphone purchase only. Acct. creation & initial purchase must be completed in one transaction. New line w/device payment agmt & $34.99 or higher price plan reqd. 0% APR. $200 credit applied to acct after 2-3 bills. Can be combined with select offers. Verizon reserves the right to charge back to your acct all or a portion of the value of any promotional credit you received as part of this offer in the event you no longer meet the eligibility requirements. Any such charge back may be subject to the terms of your Verizon agmt. Offer available online only for a limited time.
Shop now
5G Business Internet starting at $69/mo.
100 Mbps plan and 10-year price guarantee.
5G Business Internet is available in parts of select cities. Plans reflect maximum available download speeds; these vary and may be lower in the event of network congestion. Upload speeds also vary and will be lower than download speeds. Router purchase req'd. 10-year price guarantee applies to monthly access fee only. Taxes, fees, terms & restrictions apply. Limited time offer.
Learn more
Switch to Fios. Getup to $500.
Get up to a $500 Visa Prepaid card when you purchase select Fios internet plans with a two-year agreement. Offer ends 11.12.
Visa Prepaid Card Offers: Businesses who sign up for qualifying Fios Internet with our mid-tier or high-tier speeds with a two-year agreement will receive a Visa Prepaid Card, with the Visa Prepaid Card amount based on speed tier purchased, as follows: (i) $100 Visa Prepaid Card for Fios 500/500 Mbps Internet; or (ii) $500 Visa Prepaid Card for Fios 940/880 Mbps Internet (Gigabit Connection) or 2048/2048 Mbps Internet (2 Gigabit Connection). May only be combined with select offers. Verizon Visa Prepaid Card issued by Pathward, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Use everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. This optional offer is not a Pathward product or service and Pathward neither endorses nor sponsors it. Must register for card online and keep qualifying Verizon service for 60 days from install, with no past-due balance 65 days from install. Card mailed within 90 days of install date. Limit one card per account. Other card terms and conditions apply. Offers end 11.12.23.
Order now
Switch to Fios. Getup to $500.
Get up to a $500 Visa Prepaid card when you purchase select Fios internet plans with a two-year agreement. Offer ends 11.12.
Visa Prepaid Card Offers: Businesses who sign up for qualifying Fios Internet with our mid-tier or high-tier speeds with a two-year agreement will receive a Visa Prepaid Card, with the Visa Prepaid Card amount based on speed tier purchased, as follows: (i) $100 Visa Prepaid Card for Fios 500/500 Mbps Internet; or (ii) $500 Visa Prepaid Card for Fios 940/880 Mbps Internet (Gigabit Connection) or 2048/2048 Mbps Internet (2 Gigabit Connection). May only be combined with select offers. Verizon Visa Prepaid Card issued by Pathward, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Use everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. This optional offer is not a Pathward product or service and Pathward neither endorses nor sponsors it. Must register for card online and keep qualifying Verizon service for 60 days from install, with no past-due balance 65 days from install. Card mailed within 90 days of install date. Limit one card per account. Other card terms and conditions apply. Offers end 11.12.23.
Check availability
Switch to Fios. Getup to $500.
Get up to a $500 Visa Prepaid card when you purchase select Fios internet plans with a two-year agreement. Offer ends 11.12.
Visa Prepaid Card Offers: Businesses who sign up for qualifying Fios Internet with our mid-tier or high-tier speeds with a two-year agreement will receive a Visa Prepaid Card, with the Visa Prepaid Card amount based on speed tier purchased, as follows: (i) $100 Visa Prepaid Card for Fios 500/500 Mbps Internet; or (ii) $500 Visa Prepaid Card for Fios 940/880 Mbps Internet (Gigabit Connection) or 2048/2048 Mbps Internet (2 Gigabit Connection). May only be combined with select offers. Verizon Visa Prepaid Card issued by Pathward, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Use everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. This optional offer is not a Pathward product or service and Pathward neither endorses nor sponsors it. Must register for card online and keep qualifying Verizon service for 60 days from install, with no past-due balance 65 days from install. Card mailed within 90 days of install date. Limit one card per account. Other card terms and conditions apply. Offers end 11.12.23.
Check availability
5G Business Internet starting at $69/mo.
100 Mbps plan and 10-year price guarantee.
5G Business Internet is available in parts of select cities. Plans reflect maximum available download speeds; these vary and may be lower in the event of network congestion. Upload speeds also vary and will be lower than download speeds. Router purchase req'd. 10-year price guarantee applies to monthly access fee only. Taxes, fees, terms & restrictions apply. Limited time offer.
Learn more
Already have phones?
Perfect. Just check to see if theyre compatible with our network, then shop plans. Also, save $600 when you switch to Verizon & bring your smartphone & number.
New line w/month-to-month agmt & Business Unlimited Plus 5G or Unlimited Pro 5G plan reqd. Cust must transfer smartphone & number to VZ; new line activation & number transfer must be completed in one transaction. Smartphone must be compatible w/VZ network. $600 credit applied to acct. over 24 mos; promo credit ends when eligibility requirements are no longer met. Credits begin in 1-2 bills. Cust must retain smartphone & remain on selected plan in order to receive credit(s). Cannot be combined with other device offers. Business Unlimited 5G plan terms apply. Limited time offer.
Get started
SolutionsTailored to fit your businessneeds.
See all solutions
Small Business
Discover innovative solutions designed to help small businesses thrive.
Enterprise and Medium Business
Get solutions that can pair seamlessly with your existing systems.
Public Sector
Get custom solutions that integrate with legacy infrastructure and help you meet the needs of your constituents.
Verizon Partner Solutions
Solve customer challenges with reliable voice, data, internet solutions and more.
ProductsDesigned to transform business.
See all products
Business Unlimited
Level up your on-the-go work with a mobile plan thats sized to meet your business needs.
Business Internet
Get internet thats fast, reliable and available virtually anywhere you do business.
5G Phones
Find mobile devices that help boost collaboration and put our 5G network to work for your business.
5G Edge
Get fast, secure cloud computing at the network edgefor real innovation in near real time.
NetworkCommitted to your business.
As a trusted, advanced network and technology provider, we continually strive for more. So our customers can do more.
Learn more
Our obsession with
testing the network helps you stay connected from virtually anywhere.
Awarded the most reliable 5G Network in America by RootMetrics.
#1 in Customer Satisfaction for Small Business Wireline Service 5 years in a row by J.D. Power.
Even more for your business.
On-field NFL coach-to-coach communication
All 30 NFL stadiums rely on Verizon for speed, security and reliability for on-field coach-to-coach communication.
Make your business even smarter.
Get control, security and the ability to adapt to changing needs in real time. This is Enterprise Intelligence.
Verizon Mobile for Microsoft Teams
Enable anywhere access to Microsoft Teams via a single business phone number for mobile and desktop.
2023 Data Breach Investigation Report
Strengthen your organizations understanding and awareness of cybersecurity. Read our detailed analysis of 16,000+ security incidents from around the world.
Verizon Frontline
The advanced network and technology for first responders on the front lines. Built to withstand extreme conditions.
2022 Mobile Security Index
Learn from our work with top mobile security professionals to assess your risk and plan your defense strategy.
Customer Stories
Learn how our customers tapped the power of Verizon products and solutions to help drive success.
Digital Transformation
Fuel modernization for Public Sector with innovative, reliable, secure solutions.
Customer Support
If you are already a Verizon customer, we have several options to help you get the support you need.
Enterprise, government and education customers
Fios, internet and phone customers
Small and medium business wireless customers
Let's get started.
Choose your country to view contact details.
Select Country...
United States
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Hong Kong
India
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Korea
Luxembourg
Mexico
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Panama
Portugal
Singapore
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States
Venezuela
Call for Sales.
1-888-789-1223
Or we'll call you.
Contact Sales
Existing customers, sign in to your business account or explore other support options.
*Offer available to new Verizon business customers on initial new smartphone purchase only. Account creation, initial purchase and smartphone trade-in must be completed in one transaction. Taxes and fees apply. New line with device payment purchase agreement and Business Unlimited Plus or Unlimited Pro plan required. 0% APR. Up to $1,000 credit, varying by smartphone trade-in, applied to account over the term of your agreement (up to 36 mos); promo credit ends when eligibility requirements are no longer met. Monthly credits begin 2-3 bills after trade-in device is received by Verizon. Smartphone trade-in must be received by Verizon within 90 days and meet program requirements. Most trade-in device conditions accepted; exclusions apply. 10-line trade-in limit per order. Cannot be combined with other device offers. Additional $200 new customer credit applied to account after 2-3 bills. Verizon reserves the right to charge back to your account all or a portion of the value of the $200 promotional credit you received as part of this offer in the event you no longer meet the eligibility requirements. Any such charge back may be subject to the terms of your Verizon agreement. Offer available online only for a limited time.1 Most reliable 5G network based on more first place rankings in RootMetrics 5G data reliability assessments of 125 metro markets conducted in 1H 2022. Tested with best commercially available smartphones on three national mobile networks across all available network types. Your experiences may vary. RootMetrics rankings are not an endorsement of Verizon.2 For J.D. Power 2023 award information, visit jdpower.com/awards.
Offer and Pricing Details
All Offers: Offers available to new business customers only, subject to credit review. Not available in all areas/locations. Depending on speed tier purchased, promotional pricing for Internet and voice guaranteed for 12 consecutive months ($10 increase starting month 13 with 2 year contract), or 24 consecutive months ($10 increase starting month 25 with 2 year contract), or 36 consecutive months ($10 increase starting month 37 with 2 year contract)or 60 consecutive months ($10 increase starting month 61 with 2 year contract) (60 month guarantee not available in all areas where Fios is sold) subject to continuation of qualifying products; price guarantee applies to base monthly rate only; excludes optional services and equipment charges; prices subject to increase thereafter. With no annual contract, price increases to then current market rate subject to the applicable guarantee period. Select installation charges may be waived. Additional charges apply for inside wiring and/or other installation services. $49 activation fee may apply. Offers may be fulfilled via bill credit(s); other taxes, fees & terms apply. Early termination fees for a 2 year contract: 35% of base monthly charges for unexpired term. 2 year term automatically renews at then-current term rates unless canceled within 30 days prior to or 60 days after the term is renewed. Money Back Guarantee (MBG) is available with 2 year contract only and requires cancellation within 30 days of installation; excludes subscriptions, per minute usage, labor/material charges in excess of standard installation and month-to-month service plans, including Fios TV service. Wireless Verizon Router is available for $399.99 purchase and $18/mo rental (except in Maryland, where the wireless Fios Router is available for $299.99 purchase and $15/mo rental). Wireless router models and prices are subject to change. Phone equipment purchase required with VoIP, starting at $85. Equipment must be returned within 30 days of cancellation. Equipment restocking fee may apply if order is canceled or service is terminated within 30 days. MBG and/or promotional offers do not apply to service ordered for temporary, short term or special events. Firm Price Quote is valid for 5 business days and is an estimate based on current pricing, promotions and taxes that are subject to change. Quote does not include additional charges for nonstandard installations. Verizon Wi-Fi available in select areas with qualifying packages. Software limitations and other terms apply. Visit business.verizon.net/wifi for details. Offers are available for a limited time only and are subject to change without notice. Wired speeds advertised. Wired & wireless speeds vary due to device limits, multiple users, network & other factors. See www.verizon.com/yourspeed for more info. Service availability varies.
Fios Internet & Phone Bundle (VSB): Usage charges apply on basic line. Activation fee of $49 may apply based on speed tier purchased. Wireless Verizon Router is available for$399.99 purchase and $18/mo rental (except in Maryland, where the wireless Fios Router is available for $299.99 purchase and $15/mo rental). Wireless router models and prices are subject to change. Backup battery available for Fios voice services & E911. VSB not available with 2048/2048 Mbps Internet (2 Gigabit Connection).
Fios Internet & Business Digital Voice (BDV) Bundle: Pricing for BDV line(s) with the Fios bundle: For speeds 200/200 Mbps and higher: the first BDV line is available for $20/mo. and $25/mo. for each addl. line. Pricing reflected in the cart. No annual contract required. $49 activation fee may apply. Wireless Verizon Router is available for $399.99 purchase and $18/mo rental (except in Maryland, where the wireless Fios Router is available for $299.99 purchase and $15/mo rental). Wireless router models and prices are subject to change. Business Digital Voice requires phone equipment purchase starting at $85.00.
Basic Internet & Phone Bundle: $49.00 activation fee applies with 2 year contract; $99.00 activation fee applies with no annual contract. Wireless router available for $49.00, subject to change. Basic Internet will be provisioned at our fastest speed available at your location of up to 1Mbps, 3Mbps, 5Mbps, 7Mbps or 10-15Mbps based on VZ line qualifications requirements.
$5/month Auto Pay & Paper-Free Billing discount: For new and existing Fios Internet or Basic Internet customers on select plans. May not be combined with all offers. $5/mo. discount begins when you sign up for Auto Pay (ACH or debit card only) & paper-free billing (registration onverizon.com/mybusiness required).$5 discount will be applied each month as long as auto pay and paper-free billing stay active.
$85 Business Digital Voice Phone Discount: Offer available on select IP Phones with purchase of a new Fios Internet and Business Digital Voice bundle with a two year agreement. Fulfilled via bill credit. Taxes apply. Limit one discount per phone model. Restocking fee may apply if canceled within 30 days. Available to select customers in select areas only. Offer ends 12.31.23
Included Router Rental Fee: Available only to Fios Internet customers on the Gigabit Connection plan (up to 940/880 Mbps) or 2 Gigabit Connection plan (up to 2048/2048 Mbps) where available. Qualifying customers will receive a monthly bill credit for the applicable monthly router rental fee for as long service with qualifying plan is on the account. Promo credits end when eligibility requirements are no longer met. If your Fios service is cancelled, you must return the Fios router subject to Verizons standard return policy.
Fios Switching Allowance Offer: Offer for new business customers in select areas only who sign up for qualifying Fios internet service with a two year agreement (subject to credit review) and who terminated their prior internet service and incurred an early termination fee (ETF). To redeem offer, you must email documentation of the ETF from your prior service provider w/in 30 days after receipt of final bill. Offer fulfilled via a bill credit to your Verizon account in the amount of the billed ETF, up to $1,500. Credit will be issued starting after 30 days of service, and will appear on your Verizon bill within 2-3 billing cycles. You remain solely responsible for paying the ETF to your prior service provider. Offer is non-transferable, has no cash or refund value, and may not be combined with all offers. Other terms apply. Offer ends 12.31.23.
Visa Prepaid Card Offers:Businesses who sign up for qualifying Fios Internet with our mid-tier or high-tier speeds with a two-year agreement will receive a Visa Prepaid Card, with the Visa Prepaid Card amount based on speed tier purchased, as follows: (i) $100 Visa Prepaid Card for Fios 500/500 Mbps Internet; or (ii) $500 Visa Prepaid Card for Fios 940/880 Mbps Internet (Gigabit Connection) or 2048/2048 Mbps Internet (2 Gigabit Connection). May only be combined with select offers. Verizon Visa Prepaid Card issued by Pathward, Member FDIC, pursuant to a license from Visa U.S.A. Inc. Use everywhere Visa debit cards are accepted. This optional offer is not a Pathward product or service and Pathward neither endorses nor sponsors it. Must register for card online and keep qualifying Verizon service for 60 days from install, with no past-due balance 65 days from install. Card mailed within 90 days of install date. Limit one card per account. Other card terms and conditions apply. Offers end 11.12.23.
Fios Business Internet/Business Unlimited Offer: Offer available to new and existing business customers in select areas only who sign up for both: (i) a qualifying Fios Business Internet plan & (ii) a qualifying Verizon Wireless Business Unlimited plan (eligible smartphone required, device payment purchase or bring your own device). Existing customers are eligible with Fios Business Internet plan upgrade or Business Unlimited plan upgrade or a new line, as applicable. Customers with Fios Gigabit Connection (speeds up to 940/880 Mbps) or Fios 2 Gigabit Connection (speeds up to 2048M/2048M), where available, and Verizon Wireless Business Unlimited Pro plan (at least 1 line) are eligible for a total credit of $80/mo, all other combinations of service plans are eligible for a total credit of $40/mo. Offer fulfilled as a credit of $20/mo. or $40/mo. each to your Fios and Verizon Wireless bills, for a total credit of $40/mo or $80/mo as applicable. Credit is fulfilled at an account level and only one promotional credit per account. Discounts are applied once both services are activated. All discounts apply as long as Verizon provides & business maintains both services at the qualifying levels. Limited time offer.
$100 One-Time Discount:Offer available only to business customers who are new to Verizon and who sign up for a qualifying Fios Business Internet plan and a qualifying Verizon Wireless Business Unlimited plan. Existing Verizon customers are not eligible. One time $100 discount offer fulfilled as a bill credit to your Verizon Wireless account and will appear within 1-2 billing cycles. May only be combined with select offers. Limited time offer.
Fios Internet Only: $49 activation fee applies based on speed tier. Wireless Verizon Router is available for $399.99 purchase and $18/mo rental (except in Maryland, where the wireless Fios Router is available for $299.99 purchase and $15/mo rental). Wireless router models and prices are subject to change.
Basic Internet Only:$49.00 activation fee applies with 2 year contract; $99.00 activation fee applies with no annual contract. Wireless router available for $49.00, subject to change. Verizon Basic Internet will be provisioned at up to 1Mbps, 3Mbps, 5Mbps, 7Mbps or 1015Mbps based on VZ line qualifications requirements. Availability subject to final confirmation by Verizon.
Preferred Voice Only: Offer available to new and existing customers. Requires 2-yr term agreement. Includes unlimited direct-dialed voice calls to anywhere in the US. Selected activation and installation charges are waived. Additional charges may apply for inside wiring and/or other installation services. Additional Universal Service Fee, taxes and other charges apply. Call detail is not provided for unlimited calling.
Business Digital Voice (BDV) Only: Offer available to new customers with 100 voice lines or fewer in select areas only, subject to credit review. BDV requires an existing Internet connection of 5Mbps or higher. $99.99 activation and $200 installation fees apply. Additional charges apply for inside wiring and/or other installation services. Phone equipment purchase reqd, starting at $85.00. Call detail is not provided for unlimited calling.
Fios TV: Wireless Verizon Router is available for $399.99 purchase and $18/mo rental (except in Maryland, where the wireless Fios Router is available for $299.99 purchase and $15/mo rental). Wireless router models and prices are subject to change.. $99.99 activation and $89.99 installation fees (first three existing TV outlets) apply. Additional charges apply for inside wiring and/or other installation services. $11.99/mo. HD set top box, franchise and regulatory fees, up to $8.89 Regional Sports Network (RSN) fee, $11.49 Broadcast Fee, other taxes and fees apply. Equipment shipping charge may apply. Program availability varies by location. Number of channels is approximation. High Definition (HD) TV with HD STB required for HD programming. Certain TV plans, Pay Per View (PPV) and Subscription or fee-based Video On Demand (VOD) are not permitted for viewing in restaurants, bars or other customer service areas. Channel lineup is subject to change and not all channels will be available at all times. Blackout restrictions apply. Month-to-month service without an annual contract required.
Fios TV Mobile app: Req. compatible device and Fios TV. Content restrictions may apply. Fios Internet reqd for in-office use. Full channel access and DVR streaming require Fios Multi-Room DVR enhanced or Premium Service. Max. combined 5 simultaneous live TV streams and/or DVR streams per media server. Streaming of TV shows and movies On Demand included in your plan is available to all business customers. Streaming of rented/purchased TV shows and movies On Demand is only available to Private Viewing business customers. Requires acceptance of Terms of Service and Private Viewing conditions at verizon.com/mybusiness. Early access to Fios TV Mobile app begins with activation & ends upon installation or in 14 days, whichever comes first. Wireless data charges may apply.
Veterans / Active Military offer:Offer available to eligible and verified members of the U.S. military and U.S. Veterans in select areas with Business Fios Internet with a two year agreement, subject to credit review. Not available in all areas/locations. Upon military service verification through Veterans Advantage, eligible customers will receive a discount in the amount of $5/month for speeds up to 500M/500M; or $10/month for 940/880 Mbps and 2048/2048 Mbps (where available), for as long as that customer maintains qualifying Business Fios Internet service. Not available for month-to-month plans. Eligible customers must complete the military service verification process within 30 days of the order to get the discount.
Business Internet Secure: Available to businesses with 19 employees or less. Requires current Fios Business Internet service. Business Internet Secure licenses are sold in packs of 5, 10, and 25 with one license covering one device (laptop, desktop, smartphone or tablet). One license pack at a time per customer account. Prices are monthly and exclusive of taxes and fees. Terms and conditions apply. System requirements: Windows 7 and above; Mac OSX 10.9 and above; Android OS 5.0 and above, or Apple iOS 10.0 and above.
Great News!5G is available in your area
Check availability
Your web browser is out of date.
For the best browser experience, please use the latest version of Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Microsoft Edge.
AWSFE6
