Business Technology Solutions | Verizon
Business
Solutions
1-888-789-1223
Contact Sales
Solutions custom built for the results you need.
Our experts combine the specific tech to help your business forge its own unique path towards transformation. Search below to see the kinds of solutions we offer to businesses just like yours.
Business needs
Organization size
Industry
Harness the power of5G.
Discover how the transformative possibilities of 5G Ultra Wideband and 5G Edge can be a game-changer for your business.
Explore 5G
Drive transformation with Verizon 5G Edge.
Our 5G Edge mobile edge computing technology enables companies to collect, process and analyze data faster.
Explore 5G Edge
Build a better infrastructure.
You have ideas and goals for your organization. Use cutting-edge networking technologies that can help bring those innovations to life.
Explore IT infrastructure
Secure your business.
Explore solutions that protect your network, mobile devices and internet from the most critical current and emerging cyber-threats.
Explore security
Strengthen customer relationships.
The competition for customer attention is loud. With the right customer experience (CX) strategy, you can rise above the noise.
Explore CX
Navigate new working models.
The workplace looks different these days. Learn how creative hybrid working solutions can bring the team together, no matter where they work.
Explore new working models
Small business
We put the power of 5G Ultra Wideband behind a range of solutions that are specially designed to help small businesses thrive.
Learn more
Enterprise & medium business
We meet your organization on its own terms, with solutions tailored to pair seamlessly with your existing systems.
Learn more
Public Sector
We provide specialized expertise in designing custom solutions to integrate with legacy infrastructure and navigate complex regulations.
Learn more
Verizon Partner Program
Discover the ways that partnering with Verizon can help your business solve more customer challenges, grow revenue, expand into new markets and more.
Learn how
Healthcare
Discover how our solutions are driving the digital evolution of healthcare and helping shape the future of patient care.
Healthcare solutions
Manufacturing
Learn how our advanced IT solutions are transforming manufacturing businesses across the country.
Manufacturing solutions
Retail
Explore how our retail-specific solutions are helping businesses meet the industrys unique challenges, from supply chain to consumer experience.
Retail solutions
Finance
Drive mobile banking through digital devices, secure your sensitive transactional data, and deliver personalized member experiences, all with the help of pioneering financial industry solutions.
Financial solutions
Media and entertainment
See how our solutions are transforming digital infrastructures and continually evolving to help businesses deliver unsurpassed content experiences.
Media solutions
Automotive
Learn how we can help you design a transformation roadmap that leverages our digital technologies and solutions to help you prepare for a future of connected vehicles.
Automotive solutions
Energy and utilities
Discover how our technologies are enhancing everything from foundational networking to smart grid technologies.
Energy solutions
Construction
Discover how our transformative technologies can help you build future-ready worksites, efficient operations, connected workforces and security for your digital data.
Construction solutions
2022 Mobile Security Index
Gain critical mobile security insights from our in-depth survey and analysis of 632 mobile security professionals around the worldto help protect your business from todays mobile security threats
Read the report
2022 Data Breach Investigations Report
Gain vital insights into security strategies and how to minimize vulnerability to cyber attacks. Read our in-depth analysis of 23,896 incidents from organizations around the world.
Read the report
Webinar: Communicating Effectively with Customers in a Digital Age
Feb 15, 2022
Digital communication tools like messaging, chat and email are becoming increasingly popular in customer service. How can businesses best utilize these channels to interact with customers and provide quality service while maintaining a human touch? Attend this webinar from Verizon and the Financial Times to learn how.
Watch the replay
See our solutions in action.
Building a unified hospital system
Learn how Verizon built a solution to help connect a hospital system across multiple offices, enabling more streamlined information flow and transforming the patient experience.
Read story
Accelerating a relief groups crisis response
See how Verizon helped a major disaster relief organization improve collaboration and communication to deliver aid more quickly.
Read story
Adapting WrightHennepin toremote working
Read how Verizons One Talk helped this essential electric cooperative quickly pivot its workforce to a work-from-home model during COVID-19.
Read story
Power your business with5G Edge.
Discover the massive computing power of the worlds first 5G mobile edge computing platform with AWS, and see how its faster speed and ultra-low latency for mobile and connected devices can pave the way for transformation.
Learn more
Customer Support
If you are already a Verizon customer, we have several options to help you get the support you need.
Enterprise, government and education customers
Fios, internet and phone customers
Small and medium business wireless customers
Let's get started.
Choose your country to view contact details.
Select Country...
United States
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Hong Kong
India
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Korea
Luxembourg
Mexico
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Panama
Portugal
Singapore
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States
Venezuela
Call for Sales.
1-888-789-1223
Or we'll call you.
Contact Sales
Existing customers, sign in to your business account or explore other support options.
5G access requires a 5G-capable device in a 5G coverage area.
Great News!5G is available in your area
Check availability
Your web browser is out of date.
For the best browser experience, please use the latest version of Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Microsoft Edge.
AWSFE5
