Why Verizon | Verizon
Business
Why Verizon
1-888-789-1223
Contact Sales
The networkbusinesses rely on.
If your network is down, youre down. Our award-winning network delivers thespeed, reliability, coverage and performance that you need to succeed.
Superior coverage
From 4G LTE to 5G UW, our coveragereaches nearly everywhere across the countryand beyond.
5G innovation
With Verizon 5G Ultra Wideband, you get ultra-low lag to power innovation like never before.1
Trusted security
Managing over 500,000 security network and hosting devices gives us valuable insights into the digital landscape.
Performance
Verizon is the most awarded brand for Wireless Network Quality according to J.D. Power.2
Massive capacity
We obsess over the details, analyzing millions of gigabytes of data every day.
Easy integration
We've certified 900+ machineto-machine (M2M) chipsets, modules and devices.
Building connections.Across the globe.
Wireless
Wireline
Experience 5G Ultra Wideband in your area.
See if Verizon 5G Ultra Widebandnow in more and more citiesis near your business, organization or agency.
See business wireless map
Built for betterconnectivity.
Speed, security and performance. With over 30 years managing some of the most complex networks in the world, Verizon delivers what your business demands, almost anywhere.
Download global network map
Download Ethernet Services map
Download Virtual Networking map
Download Managed Services map
Download Internet Dedicated map
Committed to better.
#1 in the U.S by RootMetrics.
Overall network performance 16 times in a row.3
#1 by J.D. Power. 5 years in a row.
Best in Customer Satisfaction for Small Business Wireline Service.
For J.D. Power 2023 award information, visit jdpower.com/awards.
Industry analysts agree.
See what you can do with products and
solutions from a recognized industry leader.
Learn more
Verizon Small Business Digital Ready
Grow your small business with valuable resources like free online courses, tools, coaching, peer networking and grants.
Learn more
Enhance connectivity with an agile infrastructure.
Read why Gartner has recognized us as a Leader in Gartner Magic QuadrantTM Network Services, Global for 17 years.4
Learn more
Work with a market leader in keeping you connected.
Frost & Sullivan awarded us market leadership in North American SIP Trunking Services.
Read the report
What can webuild together?
See how we help our partners transform.
Kansas City revitalizesits downtown.
See how Verizon solutions helped Kansas City support initiatives for managing roadways, utilities and transportation systems.
Read the story
Learn how we helped a federal agency modernize its network.
See how the agency implemented reliable unified communications andmodernized its equipment across 600offices with help from Verizon.
Read the story
Verizon helpsJetBlue take  flight.
The airline streamlined operationsand networkinfrastructure to become a
faster, more resilient business.
Read the story
1Lag dependent upon 5G spectrum used.2Verizon received the highest number of awards in network quality for the 25th time as compared to all other brands in the J.D. Power 2003-2020 Volume 1 and 2 U.S. Wireless Network Quality Performance Studies. Network Quality measures customers' satisfaction with their network performance with wireless carriers. For J.D. Power 2020 award information, visit jdpower.com/awards for more details.3Most reliable 5G network based on more first place rankings in RootMetrics 5G data reliability assessments of 125 metro markets conducted in 1H 2023. Tested with best commercially available smartphones on three national mobile networks across all available network types. Your experiences may vary. RootMetrics rankings are not an endorsement of Verizon.42023 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Network Services, Global. Published: 22 February 2023. Analyst(s) Danellie Young, Karen Brown, Gaspar Valdivia. As a Leader in Magic Quadrant for Network Services, Global, 20152023; as a Leader in Magic Quadrant for Global Network Service Providers in 20112014; as Verizon Business in Magic Quadrant for Global Network Service Providers 2005, 2007, 20092010; as Verizon Business in Magic Quadrant for Managed and Professional Network Service Providers, North America in 2008.Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartners research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, express or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally, and MAGIC QUADRANT is a registered trademark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved.
Customer Support
If you are already a Verizon customer, we have several options to help you get the support you need.
Enterprise, government and education customers
Fios, internet and phone customers
Small and medium business wireless customers
Let's get started.
Choose your country to view contact details.
Select Country...
United States
Argentina
Australia
Austria
Belgium
Brazil
Canada
Chile
China
Colombia
Costa Rica
Denmark
Finland
France
Germany
Hong Kong
India
Ireland
Italy
Japan
Korea
Luxembourg
Mexico
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Panama
Portugal
Singapore
Spain
Sweden
Switzerland
Taiwan
United Kingdom
United States
Venezuela
Call for Sales.
1-888-789-1223
Or we'll call you.
Contact Sales
Existing customers, sign in to your business account or explore other support options.
Great News!5G is available in your area
Check availability
Your web browser is out of date.
For the best browser experience, please use the latest version of Chrome, Safari, Firefox or Microsoft Edge.
AWSFE4
